All right century from a year.
So this was a fun one.
We here have to get the century based off of a four digit year so 1005 should return the 20th century
and 17:00 should return 17.
So basically you know the year is 0 to 100 on and so are zero to zero on.
We're not working with negative numbers or b.s. or anything like that.
So just let's go ahead and dive into it.
And I have is I use math the floor and my solution.
All right so the way that I solved this was I first did a condition for when a value is even or odd.
And so if something divides evenly I want it to return the value to check which essentially is just
a number divided by 100.
And then we're going to modify that for when a number is an even.
But because that's our strange use case that's what we're going to do here so I'm going to define a
Conte's called value.
I'll use a check.
Don't ever name anything of value to check.
I'm just hearing myself say this right now year divided by 100.
And let's actually change that.
We're going to call this century so a century will call a year divided by a hundred as the century.
And if the year that we're passing then modulo 100 is exactly equal to zero then we have you know eight
even century and we can return the century.
So for 17:00 we solved that.
Now all we have to do is understand how that we're going.
What we have to change in our return here and if we put a return century just so that we can see the
output.
It may become a little bit more apparent.
So we're getting 1905.
So we need this actually be 20 and dropped the 0 5.
Well we can add one MIKE So now we get 25.
So what we can do here is just use math dot floor and go ahead and drop that like so and we're done.
So the only the only caveat is the only you know you have to know what map to Florida.
So not a modular.
But essentially you get century and then we are handling the edge case where it is a 1 in 100 chance
that is a perfectly even 100 years and we handle that.
And if not we simply floor the century value that we got here and add 1 to it.